welcome everyone
this is the weekly JSF meeting on April
the 16th 2018
welcome everyone first of all as always
please put your name on the attendees
list if you haven't yet and of course
put your if you have any questions or
deny teams please put them on the agenda
or at the bottom of the eating minute um
all right first of all we need a
note-taker it isn't a big deal for this
meeting because both of the stuff is
already in the lists but any volunteers
someone you just being obliterated and
thanks to both of you so you can go
alright I you will figure it out so
please put your name into it and do it
so whoever it will be Thanks
alright so let's start with the going
through the stuff yes so I will be the
first one really quick oh and also
reminder please be really quick because
we have so many people normally so I've
worked a bit on the flow typing stuff
and to get it into eight years so that
people can just concentrate on making
their float habsburg and don't need to
figure out the config files for flow or
for able or and all the stuff and I've
stood up few PRS on the IP on the spec
and I hope to get them reviewed this is
kind of blocked by the reviews but I
hope fully this will work out this week
and the next thing is I need to dig into
bits mob because I've already ssin
called graphs graph sink and hopefully I
will also finish the chase
ipfs see life of a deck API which I
think I have on the list for the past
six weeks or so but perhaps this week
alright that's all I have let's go on
with Hugo
hey guys so last week I made a venture
for regrets to fix the uglify issue a
few moments ago I made the list for
requests I hope to age here bringing the
the mangling and compressing to two a
year so I'm blocked waiting for that to
be merged and for ipfs to chocolate it's
a year a dependency hopefully if that's
that's okay
this way comes
to level up the exchange files example
it's an okay I have so I'm gonna
separate that and that's pretty much it
if you guys wanna check out the pull
request from a jeer and that's something
our comments so thank you that's it
[Music]
right so the next one on the list is who
go hi guys so I've been going through
the CLI basically trying to fix one of
the issues but actually using this issue
to go to bear and stand the cold so I'm
taking my time on this on this one but
basically I will do probably to the
public West with the better end link for
the the error messages on the CLI and
some suggestions and improvements and
next I will be trying to improve the
browser build on Asia because we needed
to finish some other work like leagoo
needs to do example app and stuff like
that and the browser will right now it
doesn't support universal rollers or
commands or tails or and etc and I'll
also be working on further improvements
on the CLI regarding small stuff like
the help text and supporting sternum
input on the auto commands that needed
that's it for me all right thank you and
I would have a question for you who go
and so with my s I plan to do the deck
API put basically for the CLI should I
better like food I like already upload
the stuff I currently have or should I
wait for use your stuff to happen or
what what will be good for you
it you can just suppose your stuff
because on the podcast I will make a
suggestion because to yarks as a problem
with one of the one of the methods that
sits years right now and I need to
change it a little bit so the pull
request will be suggesting with two or
three commands already implemented but I
need you guys to tell me if you like
like the approach and then I'll go
through the other commands if you guys
the profits so you just you just go
ahead and do your stuff
until that coal request gets figured out
in the pros okay thanks I had another
question let me quickly go through the
notes oh yeah about the just a comment
that as I currently involved with the
flow typing stuff there's truly a branch
on 8 year to to get this working and
there we also have things like an
additional third step so I guess there
might be overlap between getting things
work for browsers and this work so I'm
not probably I give you the link to the
flow stuff so yeah we can see if this
overlap yeah sure give me the link and
I'll integrate your flow config in the
in the browser build I'm working on
right now yeah it should be easy
cool thanks all right so let's go on
with the next one which is bascomb and
marched to yards then I started another
three issues there I described in the
blocked zone because I wrote a
suggestion in the issue I need approval
or opinions of the bin
and so I didn't finish them well because
I just wanted to confirm that ideas
before real implementing them then I'm
also I've been previous like also
analyzing the implementation of FNS of
go as well as the ipfs service workers
because they are my bouquet arts were
for the next week so I get some time to
analyze how it is implemented to improve
my my way in the next week besides that
I'm I'm blocked also in the
serviceworker requirements is there any
door so from the biz and it will be what
I'm planning to do this week the block
issues as well as starting the OPR for
IP investor and that's pretty much all
right thank you
so then next one is Rob
yet I mean not a whole lot to say I'm
just floating around helping to provide
review on anything related to
documentation and documentation type
concepts and and examples and things so
if you're working on any of that stuff
please don't hesitate to tag me on it
but that mainstay of my work right now
it's happening over in the docs repo
we're focusing on kind of rewriting the
introductory guide so there's a draft
right there now on sort of the part one
of that which is just sort of like
welcome to ipfs here's a high-level
introduction of the concepts which is
attempting to get people intent wise on
the same page with where we want people
to be thinking about ipfs but also like
the general concepts of how it works and
how stuff is available or not available
in the system and things like that so
it's not super technical that part and
then the next parts will be technical if
you have feedback or you're interested
in that please hop over there and give
feedback and that's the slash Doc's IVFs
wash docs Rico
all right thank you so the next one is
aching brain hi I'd say I've been it's
been the beginning of the week finishing
off the stream slicing PRS
so that's in the UNIX FS engine being
able to take off certain lengths and
sort of offsetting counts as we decided
last Monday and so the Piazza's
documentation got merged I think the
ones to the UNIX FS engine is still
outstanding and then there's a follow-on
1/3 JSOC FS which is also outstanding so
they need some review and some emerging
and then I picked up the NFS stuff I've
got in from implementations of make
their ls3 I'm sorry LS and start working
I've just been working on game read and
write for files working and so I got
like a kind of an orientation of those
they live in a repo called chess ipfs em
FS as David suggested for you in a new
repo so it's in that new tongue twister
yep serve anyone's take a look that's
cool I have been fleshing out just
stopping tests out based on the go
implementation so when it's kind of more
stable we'll be able to run those tests
against ago as well and put them into
the interface core repo which of them so
I'm kind of blocked on those strange
slicing PRS and carrying on with the EMA
Festa
all right thank you next one is Jacob
yeah so last week I created a PR for
adding the ability to add custom locks
to ipfs repo I've got quite a feat of
feedback on that from Robin some other
people so I'm working on getting that
updated earlier this week and then I'm
also working on the private network for
JSI PFS and I'll be continuing
development on that this week I don't
have any blockers right now
thank you
next one is team tree
so last week I spend working on the
multiplexer again and looking basically
just trying to integrate it and make it
through all words I found a few
inconsistencies with respect and the
current implementation and we practice
them I believe Steve Allen is looking
into those right now I'm basically
concentrating on making everything all
the testing pass and performance which
is really really close to the regional
implementation and there's still a long
way I think I still have some room to
improve it so they expect it to be a
little bit faster but okay and also
starting to look into the net sausage
that is part of my oaky arts for this
quarter
so that's I got pretty much all of the
tests passing first Josie defense and in
the ones that are feeling our browser
for some unrelated reasons I believe it
seems like but everything else is
passing so it's really surprising I'd
say
all right does anyone else share his
status if not I didn't see any hands so
let's see are there any questions I
don't see them in the agenda but yeah
Victor has one so I was thinking
sorry about my drones in the bathroom I
was thinking about the DNS multi an
adder that I think Oscar was blocked by
I think I was about I was supposed to be
to comment in your in the issue of
violence yep time for it the short
version is that Multi adder hasn't
really been expanded further than like
we get basic use cases yes it still
hasn't cooked like a proper spec which I
am I'm starting now and to make sure
that our library is storing command
continues back and all of that the short
version is that you should be able to
slash DNS for slash the three host the
national Supremes
slash 5001 slash HTTP and that should be
working in jail my PFS as well I will
send you the full string on IRC as well
just for you just here you can continue
to move on with that specific issue the
problem is that probably multi adder
it's off does not support us right now
so the support is gonna have to come
from either multi adder
or multi adder net which I am unsure if
we have a package for but we can
continue the discussion offline as well
but you should be able to move on once
we have that information whatever okay
thank you I talk to you later about it
all right mm-hmm anything else that was
the time to raise your hand if you want
to say anything or comment anything I
don't see any hands which is pretty cool
because last week we thought about
extending this meeting to 45 minutes and
now we have only 20 minutes which is
great so yeah then I will close this
meeting and thanks everyone for joining
see you all next week bye Mike